Hello, we are RoboNYC, a RoboCup Junior team based in New York City. This repository contains all of our CAd files for our robots. 
This season, we went through over 70 iterations of our robots design, and are constantly trying to improve ou design for more accessibility, protection, and space efficient.
For example, we spent a lot of time deliberating the placement of our motor drivers. Our motor drivers were originally placed in a crisscross pattern between the first and second plate. However, we soon found this method inefficient, especially during competitions, as we had to unscrew the bottom of our robot in order to access our motor drivers. To address this issue, we designed two adapter plates so that the motor drivers would be on the second plate of our robot. Despite these changes, our concern for possible damages caused from collisions compelled us to design a new plated for our motor drivers. This design ensures the accesibility and protection of our components, as the motor drivers are high enough from the ground to avoid damages, but not high enough to interfere with our IR sensor readings.
Our original designs also included a kicker, dribbler, and camera, for which we designed a hollow conical mirror. After many struggles, we designed a support that held the mirror sideways and preserved its hollowness and shape.
   This year, we sacrificed many more complicated components to prioritize the functionality and reliability of our robots. However, we are excited to incorporate other components such as a kicker or a dribbler, and continue improving our design next year.
